
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 2339941000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 310618                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 668088                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   310826                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     6.15                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              380777559                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1908768                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1910073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.002340                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  2339941000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1908768                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1910073                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.cpi                               1.225891                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.discardedOps                          1928                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.idleCycles                           22703                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.ipc                               0.815733                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.numCycles                          2339941                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                  806988     42.25%     42.25% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                 200068     10.47%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               21      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead                 701410     36.72%     89.45% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite                201586     10.55%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                  1910073                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                         2317238                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            4                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           98                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           655                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                509                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           75                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                71                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               71                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            400                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq           109                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port          875                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port          360                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                   1235                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port        30400                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port        11520                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   41920                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               580                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.046552                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.210859                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     553     95.34%     95.34% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                      27      4.66%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 580                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              955000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            2184378                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             976276                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        71.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       387.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       178.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.004644669652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            1                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            1                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                1796                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                 15                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         580                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         71                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       580                       # Number of controller read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       71                       # Number of controller write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                     15                       # Number of controller read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of controller write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      20.91                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   580                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   71                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     479                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                      78                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       8                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      2                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean            515                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean    515.000000                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-527            1    100.00%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples            1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean             16                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.000000                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev           nan                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16                1    100.00%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total             1                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   37120                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 4544                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                     15.86                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      1.94                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    2339924000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    3594353.30                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.inst        24768                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.data        11392                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteBytes::.writebacks         1024                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.inst 10584882.268399074674                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.data 4868498.821124122478                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteRate::.writebacks 437617.871561718872                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          400                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.data          180                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAccesses::.writebacks           71                       # Per-requestor write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst      9641622                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      4135936                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteTotalLat::.writebacks  16254372272                       # Per-requestor write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24104.06                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     22977.42                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAvgLat::.writebacks 228934820.73                       # Per-requestor write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        25600                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.data        11520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::total         37120                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::total        25600                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.inst          400                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.data          180                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::total            580                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.inst     10940447                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.data      4923201                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::total         15863648                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst     10940447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::total     10940447                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.inst     10940447                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.data      4923201                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::total        15863648                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readBursts                  565                       # Number of DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeBursts                  16                       # Number of DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::0           43                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::1            2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::2           23                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::3           45                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::5           30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::6           36                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::7           48                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::8           31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::9           80                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::10           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::11           71                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::12            7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::13            1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::16           12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::17            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::18            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::19            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::20           12                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::21            7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::22            7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::23            9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::24           21                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::25            2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::26            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::27            5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::28            7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::29            7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::30            6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::31            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::0            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::11            8                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::16            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::17            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::18            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::19            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::20            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::21            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::22            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::23            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::24            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::25            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::26            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::27            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::28            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::29            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::30            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::31            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totQLat                 3894578                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totBusLat               1882580                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totMemAccLat           13777558                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgQLat                 6893.06                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgBusLat               3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgMemAccLat           24385.06                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHits                 456                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHits                 14                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHitRate            80.71                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHitRate           87.50                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::samples          101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::mean   334.574257                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::gmean   229.181263                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::stdev   309.442639                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::0-127           17     16.83%     16.83% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::128-255           33     32.67%     49.50% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::256-383           24     23.76%     73.27% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::384-511            8      7.92%     81.19% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::512-639            1      0.99%     82.18% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::768-895            6      5.94%     88.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151           12     11.88%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::total          101                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesRead                 36160                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesWritten               1024                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgRdBW               15.453381                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgWrBW                0.437618                       # Average DRAM write bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.peakBW                 19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtil                    0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilRead                0.08                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilWrite               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.pageHitRate               80.90                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actEnergy    43662.528000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preEnergy    68822.460000                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.readEnergy   260575.728000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.writeEnergy             0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.refreshEnergy 202756664.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actBackEnergy 65129717.688000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preBackEnergy 718794143.289603                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalEnergy  987053586.573600                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.averagePower   421.828408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::IDLE   2198062640                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::REF    105000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT     36878360                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actEnergy    129428.208000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preEnergy    209220.278400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.readEnergy   1289164.128000                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.writeEnergy  37744.896000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.refreshEnergy 202756664.880001                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actBackEnergy 67571540.568000                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preBackEnergy 717108417.849603                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalEnergy  989102180.808000                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.averagePower   422.703898                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::IDLE   2192898320                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::REF    105000000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT     42042680                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                      1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst       303189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total           303189                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst       303189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total          303189                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            400                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           400                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     23353000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     23353000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst       303589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total       303589                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst       303589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total       303589                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001318                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001318                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58382.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 58382.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58382.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 58382.500000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                75                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     22553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     22553000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     22553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     22553000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001318                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001318                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56382.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56382.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56382.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56382.500000                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     75                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst       303189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total          303189                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           400                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     23353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     23353000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst       303589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total       303589                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.001318                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 58382.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58382.500000                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          400                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     22553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     22553000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.001318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001318                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 56382.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56382.500000                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           231.131167                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs              303589                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               400                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs            758.972500                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   231.131167                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.451428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.451428                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          325                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          109                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           30                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.634766                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses            607578                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses           607578                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.thread22784.numInsts               1908768                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numOps                 1910073                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numMemRefs                   0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu.dtb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data       802955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           802955                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data       802975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          802975                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            224                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           234                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total     12719000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data     12719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total     12719000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       803179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       803179                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       803209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       803209                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000279                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000291                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56781.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 56781.250000                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54354.700855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 54354.700855                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total           51                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          173                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          180                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9573000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9993000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000215                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000224                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55335.260116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55335.260116                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55516.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55516.666667                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data       601539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          601539                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data          106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total           106                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      6151000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       601645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       601645                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000176                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58028.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 58028.301887                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          102                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      5716000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000170                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56039.215686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 56039.215686                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data       201416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         201416                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data          118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total          118                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      6568000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      6568000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       201534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000586                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55661.016949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 55661.016949                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total           47                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           71                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      3857000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      3857000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000352                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 54323.943662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 54323.943662                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            20                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            7                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       420000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       420000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        60000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        60000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           133.474583                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              803191                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               180                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           4462.172222                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            148000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   133.474583                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.130346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.130346                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          180                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           29                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          134                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.175781                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1606670                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1606670                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                  103136                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted            102061                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect               568                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups               101508                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                  100622                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.127162                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.RASUsed                     263                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASIncorrect                  2                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups             159                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                 21                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses              138                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMispredicted           66                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.fetch2.intInstructions              909445                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fpInstructions                    0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vecInstructions                   0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.loadInstructions             702134                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.storeInstructions            201305                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.amoInstructions                   0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.itb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   2339941000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
