
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                 6052518000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 638575                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 666808                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   638977                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                     2.99                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                             2024851028                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                     1908712                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                       1909968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.006053                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                  6052518000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.Branches                            101736                       # Number of branches fetched
system.cpu.committedInsts                     1908712                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                       1909968                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.idle_fraction                     0.000000                       # Percentage of idle cycles
system.cpu.not_idle_fraction                 1.000000                       # Percentage of non-idle cycles
system.cpu.numCycles                          6052518                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.num_busy_cycles               6052517.999000                       # Number of busy cycles
system.cpu.num_cc_register_reads              7833936                       # number of times the CC registers were read
system.cpu.num_cc_register_writes              805859                       # number of times the CC registers were written
system.cpu.num_conditional_control_insts       101257                       # number of instructions that are conditional controls
system.cpu.num_fp_alu_accesses                      0                       # Number of float alu accesses
system.cpu.num_fp_insts                             0                       # number of float instructions
system.cpu.num_fp_register_reads                    0                       # number of times the floating registers were read
system.cpu.num_fp_register_writes                   0                       # number of times the floating registers were written
system.cpu.num_func_calls                         316                       # number of times a function call or return occured
system.cpu.num_idle_cycles                   0.001000                       # Number of idle cycles
system.cpu.num_int_alu_accesses               1808699                       # Number of integer alu accesses
system.cpu.num_int_insts                      1808699                       # number of integer instructions
system.cpu.num_int_register_reads             3314243                       # number of times the integer registers were read
system.cpu.num_int_register_writes            1505929                       # number of times the integer registers were written
system.cpu.num_load_insts                      701410                       # Number of load instructions
system.cpu.num_mem_refs                        902996                       # number of memory refs
system.cpu.num_store_insts                     201586                       # Number of store instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_alu_accesses                     0                       # Number of vector alu accesses
system.cpu.num_vec_insts                            0                       # number of vector instructions
system.cpu.num_vec_register_reads                  44                       # number of times the vector registers were read
system.cpu.num_vec_register_writes                 15                       # number of times the vector registers were written
system.cpu.op_class::No_OpClass                     0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntAlu                    806988     42.25%     42.25% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntMult                   200068     10.47%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IntDiv                         0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatAdd                       0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCmp                       0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatCvt                       0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMult                      0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMultAcc                   0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatDiv                       0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMisc                      0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatSqrt                      0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAdd                        0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAddAcc                     0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAlu                        0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCmp                        0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdCvt                        0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMisc                       0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMult                       0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdMultAcc                    0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShift                      0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShiftAcc                   0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdDiv                        0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSqrt                       0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAdd                   0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatAlu                   0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCmp                   0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatCvt                   0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatDiv                   0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMisc                 21      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMult                  0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatMultAcc               0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatSqrt                  0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAdd                  0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceAlu                  0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdReduceCmp                  0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceAdd             0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdFloatReduceCmp             0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAes                        0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdAesMix                     0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash                   0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha1Hash2                  0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash                 0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdSha256Hash2                0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma2                  0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdShaSigma3                  0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::SimdPredAlu                    0      0.00%     52.72% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemRead                   701410     36.72%     89.45% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::MemWrite                  201586     10.55%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemRead                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::FloatMemWrite                  0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::IprAccess                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::InstPrefetch                   0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.op_class::total                    1910073                       # Class of executed instruction
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    11                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            2                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests           40                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests           476                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp                378                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackClean           26                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq                72                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp               72                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq            282                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq            96                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port          590                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port          336                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                    926                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port        19712                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port        10752                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                   30464                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples               450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean             0.035556                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev            0.185385                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                     434     96.44%     96.44% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                      16      3.56%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::2                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                 450                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy              580000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy            1541200                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer2.occupancy             915340                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer2.utilization              0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples        24.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       280.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples       167.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000000755652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState                2471                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                         450                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                         24                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                       450                       # Number of controller read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                       24                       # Number of controller write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      3                       # Number of controller read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of controller write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       7.97                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                   450                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                   24                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                     443                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                       4                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                     192                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                   28800                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                 1536                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      4.76                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.25                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                    6052444000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                   12768869.20                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.inst        17920                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.data        10688                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.inst 2960751.211314035114                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.data 1765876.615319442237                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          282                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.data          168                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAccesses::.writebacks           24                       # Per-requestor write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst      6986800                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.data      4352964                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24775.89                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     25910.50                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAvgLat::.writebacks         0.00                       # Per-requestor write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        18048                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.data        10752                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::total         28800                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        18048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::total        18048                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.inst          282                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.data          168                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::total            450                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.inst      2981899                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.data      1776451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::total          4758350                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      2981899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::total      2981899                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.inst      2981899                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.data      1776451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::total         4758350                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readBursts                  447                       # Number of DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::0           35                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::1            1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::2           19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::3           30                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::5           22                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::6           31                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::7           37                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::8           19                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::9           72                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::10           47                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::11           59                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::12            6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::13            1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::16            7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::17            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::18            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::19            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::20            9                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::21            3                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::22            5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::23            6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::24           17                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::25            1                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::26            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::27            2                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::28            5                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::29            7                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::30            6                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::31            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::16            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::17            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::18            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::19            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::20            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::21            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::22            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::23            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::24            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::25            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::26            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::27            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::28            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::29            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::30            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::31            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totQLat                 3520840                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totBusLat               1489404                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totMemAccLat           11339764                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgQLat                 7876.60                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgBusLat               3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgMemAccLat           25368.60                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHits                 345                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHits                  0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHitRate            77.18                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::samples           98                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::mean   274.938776                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::gmean   188.366352                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::stdev   261.097162                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::0-127           25     25.51%     25.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::128-255           35     35.71%     61.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::256-383           15     15.31%     76.53% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::384-511            7      7.14%     83.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::512-639            5      5.10%     88.78% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::640-767            2      2.04%     90.82% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::768-895            3      3.06%     93.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::896-1023            1      1.02%     94.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151            5      5.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::total           98                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesRead                 28608                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesWritten                  0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgRdBW                4.726628                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgWrBW                       0                       # Average DRAM write bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.peakBW                 19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtil                    0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilRead                0.02                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilWrite               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.pageHitRate               77.18                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actEnergy    32746.896000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preEnergy    57810.866400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.readEnergy   186517.363200                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.writeEnergy             0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.refreshEnergy 525139762.039203                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actBackEnergy 140270909.184002                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preBackEnergy 1878705113.241608                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalEnergy  2544392859.590382                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.averagePower   420.385839                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::IDLE   5745273760                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::REF    271950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT     35294240                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actEnergy    126309.456000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preEnergy    211973.176800                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.readEnergy   1039560.009600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.writeEnergy             0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.refreshEnergy 525139762.039203                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actBackEnergy 148259608.425603                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preBackEnergy 1873190072.140809                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalEnergy  2547967285.247982                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.averagePower   420.976408                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::IDLE   5728375640                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::REF    271950000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT     52192360                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                      1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst      2110020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          2110020                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst      2110020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         2110020                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            282                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           282                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     16705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     16705000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     16705000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     16705000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      2110302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      2110302                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      2110302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      2110302                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59237.588652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 59237.588652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59237.588652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 59237.588652                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks           26                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total                26                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     16141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     16141000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     16141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     16141000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.588652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57237.588652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.588652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57237.588652                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                     26                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst      2110020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         2110020                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           282                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     16705000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     16705000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      2110302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      2110302                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 59237.588652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 59237.588652                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          282                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     16141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     16141000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000134                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 57237.588652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57237.588652                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           169.648048                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             2110302                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               282                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           7483.340426                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   169.648048                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.331344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.331344                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           68                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           35                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          153                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.500000                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses           4220886                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses          4220886                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.thread22784.numInsts                     0                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numOps                       0                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numMemRefs                   0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu.dtb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data       902705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total           902705                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data       902725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total          902725                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data          162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total            162                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data          172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total           172                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total      9780000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total      9780000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data       902867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total       902867                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data       902897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total       902897                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000179                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000190                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 60370.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 60370.370370                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 56860.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 56860.465116                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total          161                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total          168                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total      9424000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      9816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total      9816000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000178                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000186                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58534.161491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58534.161491                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 58428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 58428.571429                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                      0                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data       701243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total          701243                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data           90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total            90                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      5176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total      5176000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data       701333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total       701333                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000128                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57511.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 57511.111111                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total            1                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total           89                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4964000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000127                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55775.280899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55775.280899                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data       201462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total         201462                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4604000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total      4604000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data       201534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total       201534                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.000357                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 63944.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 63944.444444                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total           72                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      4460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      4460000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000357                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 61944.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 61944.444444                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data           20                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total            20                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total           10                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total           30                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.333333                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            7                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total            7                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data       392000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total       392000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.233333                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        56000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        56000                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data           18                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           18                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           128.734086                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs              902929                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs               168                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs           5374.577381                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            150000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   128.734086                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.125717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.125717                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          168                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           17                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           22                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.164062                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses           1806034                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses          1806034                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON   6052518000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
