
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                82330116000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 313426                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 675344                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   314041                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   319.05                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              258043784                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     100196356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.082330                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 82330116000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     100196356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.cpi                               1.646602                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.discardedOps                        191083                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.idleCycles                        32138857                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.ipc                               0.607311                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.numCycles                        164660232                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                46526863     46.44%     46.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                  20723      0.02%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               18      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead               42690537     42.61%     89.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite              10958215     10.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                100196356                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       132521375                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    85                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        75506                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        159308                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          191                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            1                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       735415                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          230                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1471209                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            231                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              24779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        53013                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            22483                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq             59033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp            59033                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         24779                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port       243120                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 243120                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port     35027200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                35027200                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples             83812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                   83812    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total               83812                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1028578500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1458868158                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.8                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            408369                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       749002                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          325                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict           61814                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           327425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          327425                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           448                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       407921                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port         1221                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port      2205782                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2207003                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port       197888                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port    366421760                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total              366619648                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                           75726                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  13571328                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           811520                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000521                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.022879                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 811098     99.95%     99.95% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    421      0.05%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      1      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             811520                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         3520860500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              4.3                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        3309058996                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             4.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2016998                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  134                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               651842                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   651976                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 134                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              651842                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  651976                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                314                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data              83504                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                  83818                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               314                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data             83504                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                 83818                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31223500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9551154500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total       9582378000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31223500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9551154500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total      9582378000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              448                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           735346                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               735794                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             448                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          735346                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              735794                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.700893                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.113557                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.113915                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.700893                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.113557                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.113915                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99437.898089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 114379.604570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 114323.629769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99437.898089                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 114379.604570                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 114323.629769                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks               53013                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                     53013                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst               2                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data               4                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst              2                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              4                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           312                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         83500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total             83812                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          312                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        83500                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total            83812                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27928000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8715453500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   8743381500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27928000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8715453500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   8743381500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696429                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.113552                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.113907                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696429                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.113552                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.113907                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89512.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 104376.688623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104321.356130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89512.820513                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 104376.688623                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 104321.356130                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                          75726                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       695989                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           695989                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       695989                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       695989                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          299                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              299                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          299                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          299                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks            1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total             1                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            268392                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                268392                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data           59033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total               59033                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7119387000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total    7119387000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        327425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            327425                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180295                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.180295                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 120600.121966                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 120600.121966                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        59033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total          59033                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6529057000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   6529057000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.180295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.180295                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 110600.121966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 110600.121966                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            134                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                134                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          314                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              314                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     31223500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     31223500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          448                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            448                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.700893                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.700893                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 99437.898089                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99437.898089                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             2                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          312                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          312                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     27928000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     27928000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.696429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.696429                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 89512.820513                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89512.820513                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        383450                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            383450                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        24471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           24471                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2431767500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   2431767500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       407921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        407921                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.059990                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.059990                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 99373.442033                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 99373.442033                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            4                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        24467                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        24467                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   2186396500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   2186396500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.059980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.059980                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 89361.037316                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 89361.037316                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  7980.710970                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1471011                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                     83918                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     17.529148                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     91000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      29.996801                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        39.770423                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      7910.943746                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.003662                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.004855                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.965691                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.974208                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1           40                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          405                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         4984                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2761                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  11852062                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 11852062                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    212052.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1248.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    333860.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.083505668652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        12363                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        12363                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              474942                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             199764                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                       83812                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                      53013                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    335248                       # Number of controller read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   212052                       # Number of controller write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    140                       # Number of controller read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of controller write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       4.13                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      60.90                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                335248                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::7                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::8                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               212052                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::7                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::8                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                   66808                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   67029                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                   67185                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                   67822                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                   16967                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                   16744                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                   16585                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                   15948                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      5                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   2977                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   3324                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   4299                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   5988                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  12073                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  12408                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  12439                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  12486                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  12521                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  12523                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  12502                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  12472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  12421                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  12382                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  12365                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  12364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  12364                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  12363                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                  11395                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                   9690                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                    646                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        12363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      27.105719                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     20.419110                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev    178.670554                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-255         12332     99.75%     99.75% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-511           18      0.15%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-767            4      0.03%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-1023            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1791            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::2304-2559            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::3072-3327            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4096-4351            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::4864-5119            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::8960-9215            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::10752-11007            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::11264-11519            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         12363                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        12363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.148346                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.055822                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.862746                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             8445     68.31%     68.31% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              249      2.01%     70.32% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18              647      5.23%     75.56% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              353      2.86%     78.41% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20             2283     18.47%     96.88% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::21              205      1.66%     98.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::22                8      0.06%     98.60% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::23               12      0.10%     98.70% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::24              153      1.24%     99.94% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::25                5      0.04%     99.98% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::28                2      0.02%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::29                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         12363                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                    8960                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                21455872                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             13571328                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    260.61                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    164.84                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   82322350000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     601661.61                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.inst        79872                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.data     21367040                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteBytes::.writebacks     13568320                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.inst 970143.173368054093                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.data 259528846.042194336653                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteRate::.writebacks 164803848.934210181236                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1248                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.data       334000                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAccesses::.writebacks       212052                       # Per-requestor write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     50753764                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.data  17964102436                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4534574323118                       # Per-requestor write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     40668.08                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     53784.74                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  21384256.33                       # Per-requestor write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        79872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.data     21376000                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::total      21455872                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        79872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::total        79872                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_written::.writebacks     13571328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_written::total     13571328                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.inst          312                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.data        83500                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::total          83812                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_writes::.writebacks        53013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_writes::total         53013                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.inst       970143                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.data    259637676                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::total        260607819                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       970143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::total       970143                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_write::.writebacks    164840385                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_write::total       164840385                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.writebacks    164840385                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.inst       970143                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.data    259637676                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::total       425448204                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readBursts               335108                       # Number of DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeBursts              212005                       # Number of DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::0        10840                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::1        10712                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::2        10615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::3        10388                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::4        10500                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::5        10546                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::6        10784                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::7        10412                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::8        10376                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::9        10288                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::10        10368                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::11        10344                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::12        10328                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::13        10404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::14        10472                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::15        10308                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::16        10436                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::17        10440                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::18        10636                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::19        10364                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::20        10476                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::21        10132                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::22        10172                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::23        10285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::24        10404                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::25        10072                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::26        10524                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::27        10628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::28        10772                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::29        10756                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::30        10646                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::31        10680                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::0         6744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::1         6740                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::2         6690                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::3         6580                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::4         6724                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::5         6736                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::6         6852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::7         6572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::8         6588                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::9         6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::10         6536                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::11         6572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::12         6528                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::13         6598                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::14         6572                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::15         6480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::16         6552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::17         6628                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::18         6717                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::19         6564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::20         6644                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::21         6480                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::22         6616                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::23         6576                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::24         6604                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::25         6276                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::26         6652                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::27         6704                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::28         6748                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::29         6752                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::30         6708                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::31         6744                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totQLat             12153147064                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totBusLat            1116579856                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totMemAccLat        18014856200                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgQLat                36266.36                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgBusLat               3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgMemAccLat           53758.36                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHits              298651                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHits             183421                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHitRate            89.12                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHitRate           86.52                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::samples        65041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::mean   538.356298                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::gmean   412.289254                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::stdev   358.589906                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::0-127         2931      4.51%      4.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::128-255         4610      7.09%     11.59% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::256-383        25834     39.72%     51.31% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::384-511         1248      1.92%     53.23% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::512-639         6153      9.46%     62.69% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::640-767          776      1.19%     63.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::768-895         2899      4.46%     68.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::896-1023         1011      1.55%     69.90% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151        19579     30.10%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::total        65041                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesRead              21446912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesWritten           13568320                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgRdBW              260.498989                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgWrBW              164.803849                       # Average DRAM write bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.peakBW                 19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtil                    2.21                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilRead                1.36                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilWrite               0.86                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.pageHitRate               88.11                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actEnergy    50459847.983997                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preEnergy    89081039.325602                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.readEnergy   459224948.515237                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.writeEnergy  249977369.040003                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.refreshEnergy 7146496581.469134                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actBackEnergy 14182174634.089916                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preBackEnergy 17081810157.753534                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalEnergy  39259224578.177940                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.averagePower   476.851321                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::IDLE  52102157192                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::REF   3700900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT  26527058808                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actEnergy    50963526.431997                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preEnergy    89970225.508803                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.readEnergy   459943588.944038                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.writeEnergy  250154298.240002                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.refreshEnergy 7146496581.469134                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actBackEnergy 14370063846.331066                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preBackEnergy 16952099838.643202                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalEnergy  39319691905.568008                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.averagePower   477.585771                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::IDLE  51701296804                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::REF   3700900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT  26927919196                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst      7519751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total          7519751                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst      7519751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total         7519751                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            448                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           448                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34062500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     34062500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34062500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     34062500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst      7520199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total      7520199                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst      7520199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total      7520199                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76032.366071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 76032.366071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76032.366071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 76032.366071                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               325                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33614500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     33614500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33614500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     33614500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75032.366071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75032.366071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75032.366071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75032.366071                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    325                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst      7519751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total         7519751                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           448                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     34062500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     34062500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst      7520199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total      7520199                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76032.366071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76032.366071                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          448                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     33614500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     33614500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000060                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75032.366071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75032.366071                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           114.439504                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs             7520199                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               448                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          16786.158482                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle            101500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   114.439504                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.894059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.894059                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          123                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           24                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           99                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.960938                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          15040846                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         15040846                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.thread22784.numInsts             100000001                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numOps               100196356                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numMemRefs                   0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu.dtb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     51288299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         51288299                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     51288989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        51288989                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       752328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         752328                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       760059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        760059                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19870263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  19870263000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19870263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  19870263000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     52040627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     52040627                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     52049048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     52049048                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014457                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014603                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26411.702077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 26411.702077                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26143.053368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 26143.053368                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       695989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            695989                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        18961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        18961                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        18961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        18961                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       733367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       733367                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       735346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       735346                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17527362500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  17527362500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  17716191500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  17716191500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014092                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.014128                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 23899.851643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 23899.851643                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 24092.320486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 24092.320486                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 735090                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     40683286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        40683286                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       408273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        408273                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7658915500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total   7658915500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     41091559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41091559                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009936                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 18759.299537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 18759.299537                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         2331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total         2331                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       405942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       405942                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7091945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7091945500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009879                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 17470.341822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 17470.341822                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     10605013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       10605013                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       344055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       344055                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12211347500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  12211347500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     10949068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10949068                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031423                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031423                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35492.428536                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 35492.428536                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        16630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        16630                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       327425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       327425                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10435417000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  10435417000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.029904                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.029904                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31871.167443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 31871.167443                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          690                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           690                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         7731                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7731                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8421                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         8421                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.918062                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.918062                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         1979                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         1979                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    188829000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    188829000                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.235008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.235008                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 95416.371905                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 95416.371905                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse           252.096846                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            52024411                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            735346                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             70.748207                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            208500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data   252.096846                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.984753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.984753                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          256                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0          104                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          148                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         104833594                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        104833594                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 4486435                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           3735512                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect             81009                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2104649                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 2102545                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.900031                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.RASUsed                   65400                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 14                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups             691                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                288                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses              403                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMispredicted          168                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.fetch2.intInstructions            42689146                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fpInstructions                    0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vecInstructions                   0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.loadInstructions           43477389                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.storeInstructions          11027023                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.amoInstructions                   0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.itb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  82330116000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
