
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                59377958500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 330165                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 682300                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   333806                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   302.88                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              196045375                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     101102730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.059378                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59377958500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     101102730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.cpi                               1.187559                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.discardedOps                        970805                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.idleCycles                         2846734                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.ipc                               0.842063                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.numCycles                        118755917                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                55115624     54.51%     54.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                 167845      0.17%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    380      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    470      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    382      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    53      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            267609      0.26%     54.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     54.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            259630      0.26%     55.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            161456      0.16%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv             54308      0.05%     55.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc           483618      0.48%     55.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            33524      0.03%     55.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc         11115      0.01%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead               38167611     37.75%     93.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite               6379105      6.31%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                101102730                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       115909183                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          5483                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          874                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        66596                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       134696                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1817                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port        10966                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10966                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port       350912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  350912                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5483                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5483    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5483                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             6670000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           29970914                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             15938                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        61606                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean         3153                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1823                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            52176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           52176                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          3661                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        12277                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port        10475                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port       192335                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                202810                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port       436096                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port      8067776                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                8503872                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            68114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.013037                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.113434                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  67226     98.70%     98.70% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    888      1.30%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              68114                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          132107000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          96682993                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           5491999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                 2363                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                60261                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    62624                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                2363                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               60261                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   62624                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1298                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data               4192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5490                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1298                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data              4192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5490                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99290000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329450500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        428740500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99290000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    329450500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       428740500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             3661                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            64453                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                68114                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            3661                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           64453                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               68114                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.354548                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.065040                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.080600                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.354548                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.065040                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.080600                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76494.607088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78590.291031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 78094.808743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76494.607088                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78590.291031                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 78094.808743                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data               6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1297                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          4186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5483                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1297                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5483                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     86257000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287223500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    373480500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     86257000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287223500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    373480500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.354275                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.064947                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.080497                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.354275                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.064947                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.080497                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66505.011565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68615.265170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68116.086084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66505.011565                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68615.265170                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68116.086084                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        61606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            61606                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        61606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        61606                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total             3051                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks         3051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total         3051                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             48510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 48510                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            3666                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3666                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    287564500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     287564500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         52176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             52176                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070262                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.070262                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78440.943808                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78440.943808                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3666                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3666                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    250904500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    250904500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.070262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.070262                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 68440.943808                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68440.943808                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst           2363                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total               2363                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1298                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1298                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     99290000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     99290000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         3661                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           3661                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.354548                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.354548                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 76494.607088                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 76494.607088                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1297                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1297                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     86257000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     86257000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.354275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.354275                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 66505.011565                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 66505.011565                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         11751                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             11751                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41886000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     41886000                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        12277                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         12277                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042844                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.042844                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79631.178707                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79631.178707                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          520                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36319000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36319000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.042356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.042356                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69844.230769                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69844.230769                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  5277.936815                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      133815                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      5483                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     24.405435                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst      1290.659897                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      3987.276918                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.039388                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.121682                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.161070                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          5483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5483                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167328                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1076059                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1076059                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1297.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4186.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000000752452                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               26210                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        5483                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      5483                       # Number of controller read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of controller write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of controller read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of controller write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  5483                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    5231                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     229                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  350912                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      5.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   16106206500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2937480.67                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.inst        83008                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.data       267904                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.inst 1397959.817025369732                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.data 4511842.555179798044                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1297                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4186                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     32933554                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    114566144                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     25392.10                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     27368.88                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        83008                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.data       267904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::total        350912                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        83008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::total        83008                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.inst         1297                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.data         4186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::total           5483                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.inst      1397960                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.data      4511843                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::total          5909802                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1397960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::total      1397960                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.inst      1397960                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.data      4511843                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::total         5909802                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readBursts                 5483                       # Number of DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::0          119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::1          142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::2           97                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::3          214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::4          179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::5          245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::6          249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::7          272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::8          230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::9          237                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::10          229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::11          144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::12          183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::13          168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::14          167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::15          154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::16          133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::17          130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::18          147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::19          189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::20          238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::21          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::22          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::23          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::24          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::25           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::26          198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::27          144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::28          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::29          171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::30          232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::31          179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::16            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::17            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::18            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::19            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::20            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::21            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::22            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::23            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::24            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::25            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::26            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::27            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::28            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::29            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::30            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::31            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totQLat                51591062                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totBusLat              18269356                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totMemAccLat          147499698                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgQLat                 9409.28                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgBusLat               3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgMemAccLat           26901.28                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHits                4416                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHits                  0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHitRate            80.54                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::samples         1067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::mean   328.877226                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::gmean   217.788191                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::stdev   304.869909                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::0-127          266     24.93%     24.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::128-255          301     28.21%     53.14% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::256-383          125     11.72%     64.85% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::384-511          177     16.59%     81.44% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::512-639           23      2.16%     83.60% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::640-767           23      2.16%     85.75% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      1.03%     86.79% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           26      2.44%     89.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          115     10.78%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::total         1067                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesRead                350912                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesWritten                  0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgRdBW                5.909802                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgWrBW                       0                       # Average DRAM write bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.peakBW                 19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtil                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilRead                0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilWrite               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.pageHitRate               80.54                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actEnergy    591003.504000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preEnergy    1043348.493600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.readEnergy   6731082.489600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.writeEnergy             0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.refreshEnergy 5154074421.249373                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actBackEnergy 1758542549.501146                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preBackEnergy 18166946697.446400                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalEnergy  25087929102.681896                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.averagePower   422.512490                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::IDLE  55552748860                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::REF   2669100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT   1156109640                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actEnergy    1072850.688000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preEnergy    1893994.099200                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.readEnergy   8308251.369600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.writeEnergy             0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.refreshEnergy 5154074421.249373                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actBackEnergy 1908490560.295654                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preBackEnergy 18063429288.979240                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalEnergy  25137269366.678673                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.averagePower   423.343443                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::IDLE  55234756102                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::REF   2669100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT   1474102398                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     17288205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         17288205                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     17288205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        17288205                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         3661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           3661                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         3661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          3661                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133721500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    133721500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133721500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    133721500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     17291866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     17291866                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     17291866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     17291866                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36525.949194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36525.949194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36525.949194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 36525.949194                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks         3153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total              3153                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         3661                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         3661                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130060500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    130060500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130060500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    130060500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35525.949194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35525.949194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35525.949194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35525.949194                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                   3153                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     17288205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        17288205                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         3661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          3661                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    133721500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    133721500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     17291866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17291866                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 36525.949194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 36525.949194                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         3661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         3661                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    130060500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    130060500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000212                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 35525.949194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35525.949194                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           507.514643                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            17291866                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              3661                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs           4723.263043                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             86500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   507.514643                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.991240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.991240                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          508                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2           10                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3           14                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          484                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.992188                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          34587393                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         34587393                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.thread22784.numInsts             100000000                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numOps               101102730                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numMemRefs                   0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu.dtb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     43839093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         43839093                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     43847665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        43847665                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        69416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          69416                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        69559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         69559                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1344686500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1344686500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1344686500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1344686500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     43908509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43908509                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     43917224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43917224                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001581                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001584                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19371.420134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19371.420134                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19331.596199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19331.596199                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          110                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        61606                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             61606                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         5096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5096                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         5096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5096                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        64320                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        64452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        64452                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1052935500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1052935500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1060222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1060222000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001465                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001468                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16370.265858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16370.265858                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16449.792093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16449.792093                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  63429                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     37575419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        37575419                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        12242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         12242                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    193662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    193662000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     37587661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     37587661                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000326                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15819.473942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15819.473942                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           98                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        12144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        12144                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    177209500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    177209500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000323                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14592.350132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14592.350132                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      6263674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6263674                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        57174                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57174                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1151024500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1151024500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6320848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6320848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009045                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009045                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20131.956834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20131.956834                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         4998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4998                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52176                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    875726000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    875726000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008255                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008255                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16784.076970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16784.076970                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         8572                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          8572                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          143                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          143                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8715                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         8715                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016408                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.016408                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          132                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          132                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7286500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7286500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.015146                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.015146                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55200.757576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55200.757576                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data        85000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        85000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006024                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006024                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        85000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        85000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        84000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        84000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006024                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006024                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        84000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        84000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1014.563977                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            43912449                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             64453                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            681.309621                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            174500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1014.563977                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.990785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.990785                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           11                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          129                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          672                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          171                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           41                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         175734677                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        175734677                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 6501847                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           5093643                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            349141                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              4083746                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 4076479                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.822051                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.RASUsed                  312598                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASIncorrect                  3                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups          675683                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             102890                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses           572793                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMispredicted        37440                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.fetch2.intInstructions            48868432                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fpInstructions                    0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vecInstructions                   0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.loadInstructions           40552927                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.storeInstructions           6265841                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.amoInstructions                   0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.itb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59377958500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
