
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                87486067000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 304266                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 673296                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   304863                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   328.66                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              266189922                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     100196356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.087486                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 87486067000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     100196356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.cpi                               1.749721                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.discardedOps                        189439                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.idleCycles                        42121553                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.ipc                               0.571520                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.numCycles                        174972134                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                46526863     46.44%     46.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                  20723      0.02%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               18      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead               42690537     42.61%     89.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite              10958215     10.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                100196356                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       132850581                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    85                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       268914                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        546450                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           75                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       682088                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          756                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1365636                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            764                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp             109337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       190748                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            78156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            168209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           168209                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        109337                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port       823996                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 823996                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port     29970816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                29970816                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            277546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  277546    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              277546                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1361798500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.6                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1483614468                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.7                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            396782                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       778292                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          173108                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           286768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          286768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       396009                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port         1879                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port      2047307                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2049186                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port        70784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port     81300544                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               81371328                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          269647                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                  12207872                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           953197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000891                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.030111                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 952356     99.91%     99.91% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    833      0.09%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             953197                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1270695000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1024167995                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                   93                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               405906                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   405999                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                  93                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              405906                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  405999                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                680                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data             276871                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 277551                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               680                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data            276871                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                277551                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53389000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23550633000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      23604022000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53389000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  23550633000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     23604022000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           682777                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               683550                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          682777                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              683550                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.879690                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.405507                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.406043                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.879690                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.405507                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.406043                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 78513.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85059.948496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 85043.909047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 78513.235294                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 85059.948496                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 85043.909047                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              190748                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    190748                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data               5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   5                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  5                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           680                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        276866                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            277546                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          680                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       276866                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           277546                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46589000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20781646500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  20828235500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46589000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  20781646500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  20828235500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.879690                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.405500                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.406036                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.879690                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.405500                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.406036                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68513.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75060.305346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75044.264734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68513.235294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 75060.305346                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 75044.264734                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         269647                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       587544                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           587544                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       587544                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       587544                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          324                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              324                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          324                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          324                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           21                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            21                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            118559                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                118559                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          168209                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              168209                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14690266500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   14690266500                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        286768                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            286768                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.586568                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 87333.415572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 87333.415572                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       168209                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         168209                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  13008176500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  13008176500                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.586568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.586568                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77333.415572                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77333.415572                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst             93                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                 93                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          680                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              680                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     53389000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     53389000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            773                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.879690                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.879690                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 78513.235294                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 78513.235294                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          680                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          680                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     46589000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     46589000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.879690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.879690                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68513.235294                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68513.235294                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        287347                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            287347                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data       108662                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total          108662                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   8860366500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   8860366500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       396009                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        396009                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.274393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.274393                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 81540.616775                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 81540.616775                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            5                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       108657                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total       108657                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   7773470000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   7773470000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.274380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.274380                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 71541.364109                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71541.364109                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  8046.885098                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1365535                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    277839                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      4.914843                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      24.293159                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        26.843507                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      7995.748432                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.002965                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.003277                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.976044                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.982286                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          8192                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           13                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          332                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         4186                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3         3659                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4            2                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  11202327                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 11202327                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    190748.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       680.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    275242.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.034417321652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds        11187                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds        11187                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              753299                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             179673                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      277546                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     190748                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    277546                       # Number of controller read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   190748                       # Number of controller write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                   1624                       # Number of controller read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of controller write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.10                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.88                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                277546                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               190748                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  206255                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   68069                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1139                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     458                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   5472                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   5769                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                  11020                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                  11234                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                  11311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                  11257                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                  11255                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                  11238                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                  11242                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                  11237                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                  11251                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                  11249                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                  11221                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                  11187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                  11187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                  11187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                  11187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                  11187                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                     10                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples        11187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      24.664253                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     22.034981                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     37.364463                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           8769     78.39%     78.39% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          2285     20.43%     98.81% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            24      0.21%     99.03% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           49      0.44%     99.46% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            7      0.06%     99.53% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            2      0.02%     99.54% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            3      0.03%     99.57% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            4      0.04%     99.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           26      0.23%     99.84% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            3      0.03%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            1      0.01%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::352-383            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.02%     99.91% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::704-735            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::736-767            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::800-831            2      0.02%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1024-1055            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1088-1119            1      0.01%     99.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1312-1343            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1568-1599            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1824-1855            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total         11187                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples        11187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      17.046483                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     17.014528                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.045446                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             5430     48.54%     48.54% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              241      2.15%     50.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             5083     45.44%     96.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              432      3.86%     99.99% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::20                1      0.01%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total         11187                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                  103936                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                17762944                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys             12207872                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    203.04                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    139.54                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   87478289000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     186802.07                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.inst        43520                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.data     17615488                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteBytes::.writebacks     12204736                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.inst 497450.639768730267                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.data 201351924.987095385790                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteRate::.writebacks 139504911.107731014490                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          680                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.data       276866                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAccesses::.writebacks       190748                       # Per-requestor write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     18605660                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   9349982924                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4864213179494                       # Per-requestor write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     27361.26                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     33770.79                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  25500729.65                       # Per-requestor write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        43520                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.data     17719424                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::total      17762944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        43520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::total        43520                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_written::.writebacks     12207872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_written::total     12207872                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.inst          680                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.data       276866                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::total         277546                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_writes::.writebacks       190748                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_writes::total        190748                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.inst       497451                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.data    202539954                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::total        203037405                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       497451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::total       497451                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_write::.writebacks    139540757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_write::total       139540757                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.writebacks    139540757                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.inst       497451                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.data    202539954                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::total       342578162                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readBursts               275922                       # Number of DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeBursts              190699                       # Number of DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::0         8999                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::1         8842                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::2         8520                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::3         8640                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::4         8843                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::5         8583                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::6         9273                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::7         9263                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::8         8781                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::9         8433                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::10         8134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::11         8471                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::12         8079                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::13         8790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::14         8825                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::15         8531                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::16         8217                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::17         8267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::18         8109                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::19         8312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::20         8564                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::21         8219                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::22         8119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::23         8765                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::24         8745                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::25         8203                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::26         8200                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::27         8989                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::28         9045                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::29         8953                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::30         8873                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::31         9335                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::0         6185                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::1         6074                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::2         5835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::3         5918                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::4         6103                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::5         5835                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::6         6533                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::7         6548                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::8         6002                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::9         5722                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::10         5468                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::11         5749                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::12         5345                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::13         6085                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::14         6127                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::15         5852                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::16         5592                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::17         5643                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::18         5475                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::19         5790                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::20         5949                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::21         5816                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::22         5615                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::23         6196                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::24         6307                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::25         5849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::26         5631                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::27         6365                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::28         6259                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::29         6113                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::30         6098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::31         6620                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totQLat              4542160960                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totBusLat             919372104                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totMemAccLat         9368588584                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgQLat                16461.76                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgBusLat               3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgMemAccLat           33953.76                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHits              159635                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHits             111784                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHitRate            57.86                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHitRate           58.62                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::samples       195202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::mean   152.988924                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::gmean   101.250464                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::stdev   200.830908                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::0-127       127537     65.34%     65.34% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::128-255        39690     20.33%     85.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::256-383         5817      2.98%     88.65% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2856      1.46%     90.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11734      6.01%     96.12% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1067      0.55%     96.67% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::768-895          515      0.26%     96.93% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          614      0.31%     97.25% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5372      2.75%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::total       195202                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesRead              17659008                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesWritten           12204736                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgRdBW              201.849376                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgWrBW              139.504911                       # Average DRAM write bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.peakBW                 19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtil                    1.78                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilRead                1.05                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilWrite               0.73                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.pageHitRate               58.17                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actEnergy    151537040.927996                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preEnergy    267521160.715205                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.readEnergy   375544482.095987                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.writeEnergy  224860499.807998                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.refreshEnergy 7593912955.304101                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actBackEnergy 26406304669.433125                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preBackEnergy 10325719227.532038                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalEnergy  45345400035.817841                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.averagePower   518.315677                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::IDLE  31352769760                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::REF   3932600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT  52200697240                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actEnergy    152856273.023997                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preEnergy    269850112.761606                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.readEnergy   381282633.916790                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.writeEnergy  225009120.335998                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.refreshEnergy 7593912955.304101                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actBackEnergy 27417521025.031395                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preBackEnergy 9627620626.713287                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalEnergy  45668052747.088112                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.averagePower   522.003724                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::IDLE  29207424170                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::REF   3932600000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT  54346042830                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     10277969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         10277969                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     10277969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        10277969                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56314500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     56314500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56314500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     56314500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10278742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     10278742                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10278742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     10278742                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72851.875809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 72851.875809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72851.875809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 72851.875809                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55541500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     55541500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55541500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     55541500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71851.875809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71851.875809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71851.875809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71851.875809                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     10277969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        10277969                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     56314500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     56314500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10278742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10278742                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 72851.875809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 72851.875809                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     55541500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     55541500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71851.875809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 71851.875809                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           357.111384                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            10278742                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          13297.208279                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             86500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   357.111384                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.697483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.697483                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          20558257                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         20558257                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.thread22784.numInsts             100000001                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numOps               100196356                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numMemRefs                   0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu.dtb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     51338341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         51338341                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     51338851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        51338851                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       733431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         733431                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       741340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        741340                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30514177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  30514177000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  30514177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  30514177000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     52071772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     52071772                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     52080191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     52080191                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014085                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014235                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41604.700374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 41604.700374                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41160.839831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 41160.839831                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       199645                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              3196                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    62.467146                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       587544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            587544                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        58559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58559                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        58559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58559                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       674872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       674872                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       682777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       682777                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28231865500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  28231865500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  28841629499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  28841629499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012960                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013110                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 41832.918687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 41832.918687                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 42241.653569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 42241.653569                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 681753                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     40734575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        40734575                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       388115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        388115                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12253528500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  12253528500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     41122690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41122690                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009438                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 31571.901369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 31571.901369                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total           11                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       388104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       388104                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11864752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11864752000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009438                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 30571.063426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 30571.063426                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     10603766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       10603766                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       345316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       345316                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  18260648500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  18260648500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     10949082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10949082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031538                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 52880.980030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 52880.980030                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        58548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        58548                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       286768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       286768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16367113500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  16367113500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 57074.406838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 57074.406838                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          510                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           510                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         7909                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7909                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8419                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         8419                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.939423                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.939423                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7905                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         7905                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    609763999                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    609763999                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.938948                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938948                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77136.495762                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 77136.495762                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1009.150907                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            52021704                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            682777                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             76.191354                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            174500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1009.150907                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985499                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           92                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          307                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          621                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            4                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         104843311                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        104843311                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 4485808                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           3735497                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect             81005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2103812                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 2101808                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.904744                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.RASUsed                   65381                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 14                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups             693                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                288                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses              405                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMispredicted          171                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.fetch2.intInstructions            42685835                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fpInstructions                    0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vecInstructions                   0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.loadInstructions           43475018                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.storeInstructions          11024888                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.amoInstructions                   0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.itb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  87486067000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
