
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                84975764500                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 309855                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 676112                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   310463                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   322.73                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              263301708                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000001                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     100196356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.084976                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 84975764500                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000001                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     100196356                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.cpi                               1.699515                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.discardedOps                        189444                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.idleCycles                        37192404                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.ipc                               0.588403                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.numCycles                        169951529                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                46526863     46.44%     46.44% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                  20723      0.02%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc               18      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc             0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     46.46% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead               42690537     42.61%     89.06% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite              10958215     10.94%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                100196356                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       132759125                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    85                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       210471                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests        437756                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests           75                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            8                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests       682087                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops          668                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests      1365634                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops            676                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp              82156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       140629                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            69836                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            145135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           145135                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq         82156                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port       665047                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                 665047                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port     23546880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                23546880                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples            227291                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                  227291    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total              227291                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy          1043144500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy         1215803336                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              1.4                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp            396781                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty       737963                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          333                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict          154910                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq           286768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp          286768                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq           773                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq       396008                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port         1879                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port      2047304                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total               2049183                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port        70784                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port     81927040                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total               81997824                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                          211121                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                   9000256                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples           894670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.000851                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.029458                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                 893917     99.92%     99.92% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    745      0.08%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      8      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              2                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total             894670                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy         1280484000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              1.5                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy        1024166994                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             1.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           1159500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  102                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data               456150                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                   456252                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 102                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data              456150                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                  456252                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst                671                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data             226626                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                 227297                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst               671                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data            226626                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                227297                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51886500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19022613500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total      19074500000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51886500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  19022613500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total     19074500000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst              773                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data           682776                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total               683549                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst             773                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data          682776                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total              683549                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.868047                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.331919                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.332525                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.868047                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.331919                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.332525                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77327.123696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83938.354381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 83918.837468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77327.123696                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 83938.354381                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 83918.837468                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.writebacks::.writebacks              140629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.writebacks::total                    140629                       # number of writebacks
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data               6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst           671                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        226620                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total            227291                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          671                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       226620                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total           227291                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45176500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16755700000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  16800876500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45176500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16755700000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  16800876500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868047                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.331910                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.332516                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868047                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.331910                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.332516                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67327.123696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73937.428294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73917.913600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67327.123696                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 73937.428294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 73917.913600                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                         211121                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks       597334                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total           597334                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks       597334                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total       597334                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          324                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              324                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          324                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          324                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::.writebacks           20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_misses::total            20                       # number of CleanEvict MSHR misses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::.writebacks          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.CleanEvict_mshr_miss_rate::total          inf                       # mshr miss rate for CleanEvict accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data            141633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                141633                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data          145135                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total              145135                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  12510751000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total   12510751000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data        286768                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total            286768                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.506106                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.506106                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 86200.785476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 86200.785476                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       145135                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total         145135                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  11059401000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  11059401000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.506106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.506106                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 76200.785476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 76200.785476                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            102                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                102                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst          671                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total              671                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     51886500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     51886500                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total            773                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868047                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.868047                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 77327.123696                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77327.123696                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          671                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total          671                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     45176500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     45176500                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.868047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.868047                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 67327.123696                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67327.123696                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data        314517                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total            314517                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data        81491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total           81491                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   6511862500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total   6511862500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data       396008                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total        396008                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.205781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.205781                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79908.977679                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79908.977679                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        81485                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total        81485                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   5696299000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   5696299000                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.205766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.205766                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69906.105418                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69906.105418                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                 16041.997917                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                     1365533                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                    227505                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                      6.002211                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.writebacks      38.233252                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst        57.182528                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data     15946.582136                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.writebacks      0.002334                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.003490                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.973302                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.979126                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         16384                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            6                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          277                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2         2449                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3        11443                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         2209                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                  11151977                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                 11151977                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.writebacks::samples    140629.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples       671.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples    226176.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.018862749652                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds         8311                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds         8311                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState              606382                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState             132407                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                      227291                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                     140629                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                    227291                       # Number of controller read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                   140629                       # Number of controller write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                    444                       # Number of controller read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of controller write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.08                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                      56.51                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                227291                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6               140629                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                  163832                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                   61505                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                    1159                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                     350                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      1                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                   3635                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                   3760                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                   8106                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                   8330                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                   8405                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                   8355                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                   8346                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                   8342                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                   8336                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                   8347                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                   8375                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                   8343                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                   8341                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                   8313                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                   8311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                   8311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                   8311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                   8311                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      4                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::samples         8311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::mean      27.294790                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::gmean     23.248809                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::stdev     41.881679                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::0-31           6035     72.61%     72.61% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::32-63          2086     25.10%     97.71% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::64-95            67      0.81%     98.52% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::96-127           20      0.24%     98.76% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::128-159            8      0.10%     98.86% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::160-191            9      0.11%     98.97% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::192-223            4      0.05%     99.01% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::224-255            7      0.08%     99.10% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::256-287           57      0.69%     99.78% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::288-319            4      0.05%     99.83% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::320-351            3      0.04%     99.87% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::384-415            2      0.02%     99.89% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::416-447            1      0.01%     99.90% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::512-543            1      0.01%     99.92% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::576-607            1      0.01%     99.93% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::640-671            1      0.01%     99.94% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::768-799            1      0.01%     99.95% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::896-927            1      0.01%     99.96% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1120-1151            1      0.01%     99.98% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1536-1567            1      0.01%     99.99% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::1760-1791            1      0.01%    100.00% # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.rdPerTurnAround::total          8311                       # Reads before turning the bus around for writes
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::samples         8311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::mean      16.915173                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::gmean     16.884544                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::stdev      1.023502                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::16             4543     54.66%     54.66% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::17              122      1.47%     56.13% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::18             3454     41.56%     97.69% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::19              192      2.31%    100.00% # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.wrPerTurnAround::total          8311                       # Writes before turning the bus around for reads
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                   28416                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                14546624                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys              9000256                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                    171.19                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                    105.92                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   84967907000                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                     230941.26                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.inst        42944                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.data     14475264                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteBytes::.writebacks      8997248                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.inst 505367.621611689101                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.data 170345793.123167484999                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteRate::.writebacks 105880165.397040948272                       # Per-requestor bytes write to memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.inst          671                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.data       226620                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAccesses::.writebacks       140629                       # Per-requestor write serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     17559682                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.data   7374904656                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteTotalLat::.writebacks 4730199101122                       # Per-requestor write total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     26169.42                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     32543.04                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorWriteAvgLat::.writebacks  33636014.63                       # Per-requestor write average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        42944                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.data     14503680                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::total      14546624                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        42944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::total        42944                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_written::.writebacks      9000256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_written::total      9000256                       # Number of bytes written to this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.inst          671                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.data       226620                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::total         227291                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_writes::.writebacks       140629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_writes::total        140629                       # Number of write requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.inst       505368                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.data    170680194                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::total        171185562                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst       505368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::total       505368                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_write::.writebacks    105915564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_write::total       105915564                       # Write bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.writebacks    105915564                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.inst       505368                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.data    170680194                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::total       277101126                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readBursts               226847                       # Number of DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeBursts              140582                       # Number of DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::0         7318                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::1         7218                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::2         7124                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::3         7053                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::4         7179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::5         7057                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::6         7326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::7         7233                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::8         7139                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::9         6821                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::10         6807                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::11         7098                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::12         6849                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::13         7131                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::14         7097                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::15         7013                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::16         6942                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::17         6930                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::18         6997                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::19         6941                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::20         7194                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::21         6788                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::22         6950                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::23         7176                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::24         7084                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::25         6639                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::26         7006                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::27         7323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::28         7340                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::29         7448                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::30         7294                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::31         7332                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::0         4422                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::1         4347                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::2         4392                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::3         4363                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::4         4495                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::5         4336                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::6         4606                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::7         4541                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::8         4432                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::9         4142                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::10         4161                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::11         4450                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::12         4174                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::13         4479                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::14         4406                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::15         4323                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::16         4267                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::17         4281                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::18         4285                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::19         4312                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::20         4521                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::21         4326                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::22         4444                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::23         4554                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::24         4465                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::25         4134                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::26         4302                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::27         4552                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::28         4464                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::29         4547                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::30         4493                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::31         4566                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totQLat              3424456614                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totBusLat             755854204                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totMemAccLat         7392464338                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgQLat                15095.89                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgBusLat               3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgMemAccLat           32587.89                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHits              147457                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHits              90460                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHitRate            65.00                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHitRate           64.35                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::samples       129512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::mean   181.569708                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::gmean   111.936016                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::stdev   234.125313                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::0-127        80859     62.43%     62.43% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::128-255        23141     17.87%     80.30% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::256-383         4651      3.59%     83.89% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::384-511         2425      1.87%     85.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::512-639        11038      8.52%     94.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::640-767         1094      0.84%     95.13% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::768-895          489      0.38%     95.51% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::896-1023          586      0.45%     95.96% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151         5229      4.04%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::total       129512                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesRead              14518208                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesWritten            8997248                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgRdBW              170.851161                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgWrBW              105.880165                       # Average DRAM write bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.peakBW                 19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtil                    1.44                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilRead                0.89                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilWrite               0.55                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.pageHitRate               64.75                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actEnergy    100765317.743996                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preEnergy    177889541.709605                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.readEnergy   311001245.721590                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.writeEnergy  166344115.727999                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.refreshEnergy 7376287468.333014                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actBackEnergy 24418723072.212055                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preBackEnergy 10878494157.081108                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalEnergy  43429504918.530495                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.averagePower   511.081073                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::IDLE  33055385428                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::REF   3819900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT  48100479072                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actEnergy    101192586.767997                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preEnergy    178643835.871206                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.readEnergy   311217935.011189                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.writeEnergy  165296694.864000                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.refreshEnergy 7376287468.333014                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actBackEnergy 24923321438.097279                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preBackEnergy 10530141985.708397                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalEnergy  43586101944.654068                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.averagePower   512.923917                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::IDLE  31986236404                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::REF   3819900000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT  49169628096                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     10277943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         10277943                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     10277943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        10277943                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total            773                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total           773                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54908500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total     54908500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54908500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total     54908500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     10278716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     10278716                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     10278716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     10278716                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71032.988357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 71032.988357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71032.988357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 71032.988357                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               333                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54135500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total     54135500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54135500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total     54135500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70032.988357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70032.988357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70032.988357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70032.988357                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    333                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     10277943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        10277943                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total           773                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54908500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total     54908500                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     10278716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     10278716                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 71032.988357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 71032.988357                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total          773                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     54135500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     54135500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000075                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 70032.988357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 70032.988357                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           356.267551                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            10278716                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs               773                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          13297.174644                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             86500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   356.267551                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.695835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.695835                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          440                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          107                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          333                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.859375                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          20558205                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         20558205                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.thread22784.numInsts             100000001                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numOps               100196356                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numMemRefs                   0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu.dtb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     51331987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         51331987                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     51332497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        51332497                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data       733804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total         733804                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data       741713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total        741713                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26534971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total  26534971000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data  26534971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total  26534971000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     52065791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     52065791                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     52074210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     52074210                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.014094                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.014243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.014243                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36160.842677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 36160.842677                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35775.254040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 35775.254040                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs       190901                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs              3334                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs    57.258848                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks       597334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total            597334                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        58933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total        58933                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        58933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total        58933                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       674871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total       674871                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       682776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total       682776                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24223153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total  24223153000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  24840920499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total  24840920499                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.012962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.012962                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.013112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.013112                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 35893.012146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 35893.012146                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 36382.240294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 36382.240294                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                 681752                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     40728258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        40728258                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data       388451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total        388451                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  10193511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total  10193511000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     41116709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     41116709                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.009448                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 26241.433282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 26241.433282                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          348                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       388103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total       388103                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   9793638500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total   9793638500                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.009439                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 25234.637454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 25234.637454                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data     10603729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total       10603729                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data       345353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total       345353                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data  16341460000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total  16341460000                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data     10949082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total     10949082                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.031542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.031542                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 47318.135357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 47318.135357                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data        58585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total        58585                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data       286768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total       286768                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data  14429514500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total  14429514500                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.026191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.026191                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 50317.728966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 50317.728966                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data          510                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total           510                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data         7909                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total         7909                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8419                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         8419                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.939423                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.939423                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         7905                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total         7905                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    617767499                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    617767499                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.938948                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.938948                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 78148.956230                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 78148.956230                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data           38                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total           38                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1008.684358                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            52015349                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs            682776                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs             76.182158                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            174500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1008.684358                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.985043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.985043                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0           95                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          468                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          458                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3            3                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses         104831348                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses        104831348                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 4485801                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           3735492                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect             81005                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              2103812                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 2101808                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.904744                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.RASUsed                   65379                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASIncorrect                 14                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups             692                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits                288                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses              404                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMispredicted          171                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.fetch2.intInstructions            42685833                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fpInstructions                    0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vecInstructions                   0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.loadInstructions           43475013                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.storeInstructions          11024885                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.amoInstructions                   0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.itb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  84975764500                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
