
---------- Begin Simulation Statistics ----------
final_tick                                59380968000                       # Number of ticks from beginning of simulation (restored from checkpoints and never reset)
host_inst_rate                                 321867                       # Simulator instruction rate (inst/s)
host_mem_usage                                 682304                       # Number of bytes of host memory used
host_op_rate                                   325416                       # Simulator op (including micro ops) rate (op/s)
host_seconds                                   310.69                       # Real time elapsed on the host
host_tick_rate                              191127444                       # Simulator tick rate (ticks/s)
sim_freq                                 1000000000000                       # Frequency of simulated ticks
sim_insts                                   100000000                       # Number of instructions simulated
sim_ops                                     101102730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) simulated
sim_seconds                                  0.059381                       # Number of seconds simulated
sim_ticks                                 59380968000                       # Number of ticks simulated
system.cpu.committedInsts                   100000000                       # Number of instructions committed
system.cpu.committedOps                     101102730                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) committed
system.cpu.cpi                               1.187619                       # CPI: cycles per instruction
system.cpu.discardedOps                        971553                       # Number of ops (including micro ops) which were discarded before commit
system.cpu.idleCycles                         2860630                       # Total number of cycles that the object has spent stopped
system.cpu.ipc                               0.842021                       # IPC: instructions per cycle
system.cpu.numCycles                        118761936                       # number of cpu cycles simulated
system.cpu.numFetchSuspends                         0                       # Number of times Execute suspended instruction fetching
system.cpu.numWorkItemsCompleted                    0                       # number of work items this cpu completed
system.cpu.numWorkItemsStarted                      0                       # number of work items this cpu started
system.cpu.op_class_0::No_OpClass                   0      0.00%      0.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntAlu                55115624     54.51%     54.51% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntMult                 167845      0.17%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IntDiv                       0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatAdd                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCmp                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatCvt                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMult                    0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMultAcc                 0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatDiv                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMisc                    0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatSqrt                    0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAdd                    380      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAddAcc                   0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAlu                    470      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCmp                    382      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdCvt                      0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMisc                    53      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMult                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdMultAcc                  0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShift                    0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShiftAcc                 0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdDiv                      0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSqrt                     0      0.00%     54.68% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAdd            267609      0.26%     54.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatAlu                 0      0.00%     54.95% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCmp            259630      0.26%     55.20% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatCvt            161456      0.16%     55.36% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatDiv             54308      0.05%     55.42% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMisc           483618      0.48%     55.90% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMult            33524      0.03%     55.93% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatMultAcc         11115      0.01%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatSqrt                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAdd                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceAlu                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdReduceCmp                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceAdd            0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdFloatReduceCmp            0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAes                      0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdAesMix                   0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash                 0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha1Hash2                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash               0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdSha256Hash2              0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma2                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdShaSigma3                0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::SimdPredAlu                  0      0.00%     55.94% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemRead               38167611     37.75%     93.69% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::MemWrite               6379105      6.31%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemRead                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::FloatMemWrite                0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::IprAccess                    0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::InstPrefetch                 0      0.00%    100.00% # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.op_class_0::total                101102730                       # Class of committed instruction
system.cpu.tickCycles                       115901306                       # Number of cycles that the object actually ticked
system.cpu.workload.numSyscalls                    32                       # Number of system calls
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests            0                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_requests          5488                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops               0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_requests          863                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_multi_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with multiple (>1) holders of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_requests        66094                       # Number of requests hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.hit_single_snoops            0                       # Number of snoops hitting in the snoop filter with a single holder of the requested data.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_requests       134066                       # Total number of requests made to the snoop filter.
system.tol2bus.snoop_filter.tot_snoops              0                       # Total number of snoops made to the snoop filter.
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadResp               1822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExReq              3666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadExResp             3666                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq          1822                       # Transaction distribution
system.membus.pkt_count_system.l2.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port        10976                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_count::total                  10976                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size_system.l2.mem_side_port::system.mem_ctrls.port       351232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.pkt_size::total                  351232                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.membus.snoops                                0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.membus.snoopTraffic                          0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.membus.snoop_fanout::samples              5488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::mean                    0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::stdev                   0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::underflows              0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::0                    5488    100.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::1                       0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::overflows               0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::min_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::max_value               0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.snoop_fanout::total                5488                       # Request fanout histogram
system.membus.reqLayer0.occupancy             6667500                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.reqLayer0.utilization               0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.respLayer1.occupancy           30003790                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.membus.respLayer1.utilization              0.1                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.membus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadResp             15262                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackDirty        63615                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::WritebackClean          637                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::CleanEvict            1830                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExReq            52722                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadExResp           52722                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadCleanReq          1515                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.trans_dist::ReadSharedReq        13747                       # Transaction distribution
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port         3667                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port       198383                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_count::total                202050                       # Packet count per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.icache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port       137728                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size_system.cpu.dcache.mem_side_port::system.l2.cpu_side_port      8325376                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.pkt_size::total                8463104                       # Cumulative packet size per connected requestor and responder (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoops                               0                       # Total snoops (count)
system.tol2bus.snoopTraffic                         0                       # Total snoop traffic (bytes)
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::samples            67984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::mean            0.012871                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::stdev           0.112717                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::underflows             0      0.00%      0.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::0                  67109     98.71%     98.71% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::1                    875      1.29%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::2                      0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::overflows              0      0.00%    100.00% # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::min_value              0                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::max_value              1                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.snoop_fanout::total              67984                       # Request fanout histogram
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.occupancy          131285000                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.reqLayer0.utilization              0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.occupancy          99706494                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer1.utilization             0.2                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.occupancy           2272999                       # Layer occupancy (ticks)
system.tol2bus.respLayer0.utilization             0.0                       # Layer utilization (%)
system.tol2bus.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.voltage_domain.voltage                       1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.clk_domain.clock                          1000                       # Clock period in ticks
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.inst                  212                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::.cpu.data                62277                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.demand_hits::total                    62489                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.inst                 212                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::.cpu.data               62277                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.overall_hits::total                   62489                       # number of overall hits
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.inst               1303                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::.cpu.data               4192                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.demand_misses::total                   5495                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.inst              1303                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::.cpu.data              4192                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.overall_misses::total                  5495                       # number of overall misses
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98650000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326441500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.demand_miss_latency::total        425091500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98650000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data    326441500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.overall_miss_latency::total       425091500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst             1515                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::.cpu.data            66469                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_accesses::total                67984                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst            1515                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::.cpu.data           66469                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.overall_accesses::total               67984                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst        0.860066                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data        0.063067                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_miss_rate::total            0.080828                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst       0.860066                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data       0.063067                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_miss_rate::total           0.080828                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75709.900230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77872.495229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 77359.690628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75709.900230                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77872.495229                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 77359.690628                       # average overall miss latency
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs                  0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked_cycles::no_targets                0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_mshrs                         0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.blocked::no_targets                       0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst               1                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data               6                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_hits::total                   7                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst              1                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data              6                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.overall_mshr_hits::total                  7                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst          1302                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          4186                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_misses::total              5488                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         4186                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.overall_mshr_misses::total             5488                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85567000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    283884500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    369451500                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85567000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    283884500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    369451500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.859406                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062977                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total       0.080725                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.859406                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.062977                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total      0.080725                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65719.662058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67817.606307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67319.879738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65719.662058                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67817.606307                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67319.879738                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.l2.replacements                              0                       # number of replacements
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::.writebacks        63615                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_hits::total            63615                       # number of WritebackDirty hits
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::.writebacks        63615                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackDirty_accesses::total        63615                       # number of WritebackDirty accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::.writebacks          605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_hits::total              605                       # number of WritebackClean hits
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::.writebacks          605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.WritebackClean_accesses::total          605                       # number of WritebackClean accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::.cpu.data             49056                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_hits::total                 49056                       # number of ReadExReq hits
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::.cpu.data            3666                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_misses::total                3666                       # number of ReadExReq misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    284448000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_latency::total     284448000                       # number of ReadExReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::.cpu.data         52722                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_accesses::total             52722                       # number of ReadExReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069535                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_miss_rate::total         0.069535                       # miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 77590.834697                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_miss_latency::total 77590.834697                       # average ReadExReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data         3666                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_misses::total           3666                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    247788000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    247788000                       # number of ReadExReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.069535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.069535                       # mshr miss rate for ReadExReq accesses
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 67590.834697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadExReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 67590.834697                       # average ReadExReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::.cpu.inst            212                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_hits::total                212                       # number of ReadCleanReq hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1303                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_misses::total             1303                       # number of ReadCleanReq misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     98650000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_latency::total     98650000                       # number of ReadCleanReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::.cpu.inst         1515                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_accesses::total           1515                       # number of ReadCleanReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.860066                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_miss_rate::total      0.860066                       # miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 75709.900230                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_miss_latency::total 75709.900230                       # average ReadCleanReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.inst            1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_hits::total             1                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_misses::total         1302                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst     85567000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     85567000                       # number of ReadCleanReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.859406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.859406                       # mshr miss rate for ReadCleanReq accesses
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 65719.662058                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadCleanReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 65719.662058                       # average ReadCleanReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::.cpu.data         13221                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_hits::total             13221                       # number of ReadSharedReq hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::.cpu.data          526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_misses::total             526                       # number of ReadSharedReq misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data     41993500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_latency::total     41993500                       # number of ReadSharedReq miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::.cpu.data        13747                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_accesses::total         13747                       # number of ReadSharedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.038263                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_miss_rate::total     0.038263                       # miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 79835.551331                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_miss_latency::total 79835.551331                       # average ReadSharedReq miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_hits::total            6                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR hits
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          520                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_misses::total          520                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR misses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data     36096500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total     36096500                       # number of ReadSharedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.037826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.037826                       # mshr miss rate for ReadSharedReq accesses
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 69416.346154                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.ReadSharedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 69416.346154                       # average ReadSharedReq mshr miss latency
system.l2.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.l2.tags.tagsinuse                  5283.331164                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.l2.tags.total_refs                      133196                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.sampled_refs                      5488                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.avg_refs                     24.270408                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.l2.tags.warmup_cycle                     76000                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst      1295.685893                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data      3987.645271                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst        0.039541                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data        0.121693                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_percent::total            0.161234                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          5488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4         5488                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.l2.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.167480                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.l2.tags.tag_accesses                   1071112                       # Number of tag accesses
system.l2.tags.data_accesses                  1071112                       # Number of data accesses
system.l2.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_voltage_domain.voltage                   1                       # Voltage in Volts
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.inst::samples      1302.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgPriority_.cpu.data::samples      4186.00                       # Average QoS priority value for accepted requests
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMinLatency      0.000000017492                       # per QoS priority minimum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.priorityMaxLatency      0.000000756772                       # per QoS priority maximum request to response latency (s)
system.mem_ctrls.numReadWriteTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from READ to WRITE
system.mem_ctrls.numWriteReadTurnArounds            0                       # Number of turnarounds from WRITE to READ
system.mem_ctrls.numStayReadState               26221                       # Number of times bus staying in READ state
system.mem_ctrls.numStayWriteState                  0                       # Number of times bus staying in WRITE state
system.mem_ctrls.readReqs                        5488                       # Number of read requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.writeReqs                          0                       # Number of write requests accepted
system.mem_ctrls.readBursts                      5488                       # Number of controller read bursts, including those serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.writeBursts                        0                       # Number of controller write bursts, including those merged in the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.servicedByWrQ                      0                       # Number of controller read bursts serviced by the write queue
system.mem_ctrls.mergedWrBursts                     0                       # Number of controller write bursts merged with an existing one
system.mem_ctrls.neitherReadNorWriteReqs            0                       # Number of requests that are neither read nor write
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdQLen                       1.00                       # Average read queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrQLen                       0.00                       # Average write queue length when enqueuing
system.mem_ctrls.numRdRetry                         0                       # Number of times read queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.numWrRetry                         0                       # Number of times write queue was full causing retry
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::0                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::1                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::2                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::3                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::4                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::5                     0                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.readPktSize::6                  5488                       # Read request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::0                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::1                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::2                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::3                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::4                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::5                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.writePktSize::6                    0                       # Write request sizes (log2)
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::0                    5235                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::1                     230                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::2                      21                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::3                       2                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.rdQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What read queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::0                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::1                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::2                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::3                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::4                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::5                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::6                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::7                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::8                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::9                       0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::10                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::11                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::12                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::13                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::14                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::15                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::16                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::17                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::18                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::19                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::20                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::21                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::22                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::23                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::24                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::25                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::26                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::27                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::28                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::29                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::30                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::31                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::32                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::33                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::34                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::35                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::36                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::37                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::38                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::39                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::40                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::41                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::42                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::43                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::44                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::45                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::46                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::47                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::48                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::49                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::50                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::51                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::52                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::53                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::54                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::55                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::56                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::57                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::58                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::59                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::60                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::61                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::62                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::63                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::64                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::65                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::66                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::67                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::68                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::69                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::70                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::71                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::72                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::73                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::74                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::75                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::76                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::77                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::78                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::79                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::80                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::81                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::82                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::83                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::84                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::85                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::86                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::87                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::88                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::89                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::90                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::91                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::92                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::93                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::94                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::95                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::96                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::97                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::98                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::99                      0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::100                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::101                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::102                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::103                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::104                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::105                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::106                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::107                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::108                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::109                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::110                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::111                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::112                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::113                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::114                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::115                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::116                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::117                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::118                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::119                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::120                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::121                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::122                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::123                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::124                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::125                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::126                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.wrQLenPdf::127                     0                       # What write queue length does an incoming req see
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadWrQ                       0                       # Total number of bytes read from write queue
system.mem_ctrls.bytesReadSys                  351232                       # Total read bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.bytesWrittenSys                    0                       # Total written bytes from the system interface side
system.mem_ctrls.avgRdBWSys                      5.91                       # Average system read bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.avgWrBWSys                      0.00                       # Average system write bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.totGap                   16100126500                       # Total gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.avgGap                    2933696.52                       # Average gap between requests
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.inst        83328                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadBytes::.cpu.data       267904                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.inst 1403277.898736847797                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadRate::.cpu.data 4511613.889487285167                       # Per-requestor bytes read from memory rate (Bytes/sec)
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.inst         1302                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAccesses::.cpu.data         4186                       # Per-requestor read serviced memory accesses
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.inst     32035530                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadTotalLat::.cpu.data    111242774                       # Per-requestor read total memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.inst     24604.86                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.requestorReadAvgLat::.cpu.data     26574.96                       # Per-requestor read average memory access latency
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.inst        83328                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::.cpu.data       267904                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_read::total        351232                       # Number of bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::.cpu.inst        83328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytes_inst_read::total        83328                       # Number of instructions bytes read from this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.inst         1302                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::.cpu.data         4186                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.num_reads::total           5488                       # Number of read requests responded to by this memory
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.inst      1403278                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::.cpu.data      4511614                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_read::total          5914892                       # Total read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::.cpu.inst      1403278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_inst_read::total      1403278                       # Instruction read bandwidth from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.inst      1403278                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::.cpu.data      4511614                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bw_total::total         5914892                       # Total bandwidth to/from this memory (bytes/s)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readBursts                 5488                       # Number of DRAM read bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeBursts                   0                       # Number of DRAM write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::0          119                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::1          144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::2           98                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::3          214                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::4          180                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::5          245                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::6          249                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::7          272                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::8          230                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::9          238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::10          229                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::11          144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::12          183                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::13          168                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::14          167                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::15          154                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::16          133                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::17          130                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::18          147                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::19          189                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::20          238                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::21          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::22          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::23          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::24          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::25           53                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::26          198                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::27          144                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::28          128                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::29          171                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::30          232                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankRdBursts::31          179                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::0            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::1            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::2            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::3            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::4            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::5            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::6            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::7            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::8            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::9            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::10            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::11            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::12            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::13            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::14            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::15            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::16            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::17            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::18            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::19            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::20            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::21            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::22            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::23            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::24            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::25            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::26            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::27            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::28            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::29            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::30            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.perBankWrBursts::31            0                       # Per bank write bursts
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totQLat                47282208                       # Total ticks spent queuing
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totBusLat              18286016                       # Total ticks spent in databus transfers
system.mem_ctrls.dram.totMemAccLat          143278304                       # Total ticks spent from burst creation until serviced by the DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgQLat                 8615.56                       # Average queueing delay per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgBusLat               3332.00                       # Average bus latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgMemAccLat           26107.56                       # Average memory access latency per DRAM burst
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHits                4423                       # Number of row buffer hits during reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHits                  0                       # Number of row buffer hits during writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.readRowHitRate            80.59                       # Row buffer hit rate for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.writeRowHitRate             nan                       # Row buffer hit rate for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::samples         1065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::mean   329.795305                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::gmean   217.733683                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::stdev   305.802665                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::0-127          271     25.45%     25.45% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::128-255          291     27.32%     52.77% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::256-383          129     12.11%     64.88% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::384-511          174     16.34%     81.22% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::512-639           22      2.07%     83.29% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::640-767           28      2.63%     85.92% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::768-895           11      1.03%     86.95% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::896-1023           23      2.16%     89.11% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::1024-1151          116     10.89%    100.00% # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesPerActivate::total         1065                       # Bytes accessed per row activation
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesRead                351232                       # Total number of bytes read from DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.bytesWritten                  0                       # Total number of bytes written to DRAM
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgRdBW                5.914892                       # Average DRAM read bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.avgWrBW                       0                       # Average DRAM write bandwidth in MiBytes/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.peakBW                 19207.00                       # Theoretical peak bandwidth in MiByte/s
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtil                    0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilRead                0.03                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for reads
system.mem_ctrls.dram.busUtilWrite               0.00                       # Data bus utilization in percentage for writes
system.mem_ctrls.dram.pageHitRate               80.59                       # Row buffer hit rate, read and write combined
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actEnergy    591003.504000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preEnergy    1043348.493600                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.readEnergy   6731082.489600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.writeEnergy             0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.refreshEnergy 5154074421.249373                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actBackEnergy 1755515870.657144                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.preBackEnergy 18170018252.332798                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalEnergy  25087973978.724297                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.averagePower   422.491832                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::IDLE  55562078722                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::REF   2669100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT   1149789278                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank1.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actEnergy    1069731.936000                       # Energy for activate commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preEnergy    1888488.302400                       # Energy for precharge commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.readEnergy   8321965.881600                       # Energy for read commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.writeEnergy             0                       # Energy for write commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.refreshEnergy 5154074421.249373                       # Energy for refresh commands per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actBackEnergy 1906521742.138052                       # Energy for active background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.preBackEnergy 18065770544.102440                       # Energy for precharge background per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.actPowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for active power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.prePowerDownEnergy            0                       # Energy for precharge power-down per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.selfRefreshEnergy            0                       # Energy for self refresh per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalEnergy  25137646893.607471                       # Total energy per rank (pJ)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.averagePower   423.328345                       # Core power per rank (mW)
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.totalIdleTime            0                       # Total Idle time Per DRAM Rank
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::IDLE  55242045000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::REF   2669100000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::SREF            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::PRE_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT   1469823000                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.rank0.pwrStateTime::ACT_PDN            0                       # Time in different power states
system.mem_ctrls.dram.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.mem_ctrls.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu_clk_domain.clock                       500                       # Clock period in ticks
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::.cpu.inst     17291229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_hits::total         17291229                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::.cpu.inst     17291229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.overall_hits::total        17291229                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::.cpu.inst         1515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_misses::total           1515                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::.cpu.inst         1515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_misses::total          1515                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_latency::total    104722000                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_latency::total    104722000                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::.cpu.inst     17292744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_accesses::total     17292744                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::.cpu.inst     17292744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_accesses::total     17292744                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69123.432343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 69123.432343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69123.432343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 69123.432343                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_mshrs                 0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::.writebacks          637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.writebacks::total               637                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_misses::total         1515                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_misses::total         1515                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total    103207000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total    103207000                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68123.432343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68123.432343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68123.432343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68123.432343                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.replacements                    637                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.inst     17291229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_hits::total        17291229                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.inst         1515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_misses::total          1515                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    104722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    104722000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.inst     17292744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_accesses::total     17292744                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 69123.432343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 69123.432343                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.inst         1515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total         1515                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst    103207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    103207000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.inst     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000088                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.inst 68123.432343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 68123.432343                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.icache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.icache.tags.tagsinuse           875.957448                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.icache.tags.total_refs            17292744                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.sampled_refs              1515                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.avg_refs          11414.352475                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.icache.tags.warmup_cycle             86500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.inst   875.957448                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.inst     0.855427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.855427                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024          878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4          878                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024     0.857422                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.icache.tags.tag_accesses          34587003                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.data_accesses         34587003                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.icache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.thread22784.numInsts             100000000                       # Number of Instructions committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numOps               101102730                       # Number of Ops committed
system.cpu.thread22784.numMemRefs                   0                       # Number of Memory References
system.cpu.dtb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.dtb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::.cpu.data     43836538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_hits::total         43836538                       # number of demand (read+write) hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::.cpu.data     43845100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_hits::total        43845100                       # number of overall hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::.cpu.data        71368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_misses::total          71368                       # number of demand (read+write) misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::.cpu.data        71522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_misses::total         71522                       # number of overall misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1366021500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_latency::total   1366021500                       # number of demand (read+write) miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1366021500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_latency::total   1366021500                       # number of overall miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::.cpu.data     43907906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_accesses::total     43907906                       # number of demand (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::.cpu.data     43916622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_accesses::total     43916622                       # number of overall (read+write) accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_miss_rate::total     0.001625                       # miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_miss_rate::total     0.001629                       # miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19140.532171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_miss_latency::total 19140.532171                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 19099.319091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_miss_latency::total 19099.319091                       # average overall miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          110                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked_cycles::no_targets            0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_mshrs                 1                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.blocked::no_targets               0                       # number of cycles access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_mshrs          110                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.avg_blocked_cycles::no_targets          nan                       # average number of cycles each access was blocked
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::.writebacks        63615                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.writebacks::total             63615                       # number of writebacks
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         5042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_hits::total         5042                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         5042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_hits::total         5042                       # number of overall MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_misses::total        66326                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        66468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_misses::total        66468                       # number of overall MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1074068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_latency::total   1074068000                       # number of demand (read+write) MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1081892500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_latency::total   1081892500                       # number of overall MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001511                       # mshr miss rate for demand accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.001514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.overall_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.001514                       # mshr miss rate for overall accesses
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16193.770166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.demand_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16193.770166                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16276.892640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.overall_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16276.892640                       # average overall mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.replacements                  65445                       # number of replacements
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::.cpu.data     37573344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_hits::total        37573344                       # number of ReadReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::.cpu.data        13714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_misses::total         13714                       # number of ReadReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data    212745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_latency::total    212745000                       # number of ReadReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::.cpu.data     37587058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_accesses::total     37587058                       # number of ReadReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_miss_rate::total     0.000365                       # miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 15512.979437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_miss_latency::total 15512.979437                       # average ReadReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_hits::total          110                       # number of ReadReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        13604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_misses::total        13604                       # number of ReadReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    194438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    194438000                       # number of ReadReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.000362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.000362                       # mshr miss rate for ReadReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 14292.708027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.ReadReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 14292.708027                       # average ReadReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::.cpu.data      6263194                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_hits::total        6263194                       # number of WriteReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::.cpu.data        57654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_misses::total        57654                       # number of WriteReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data   1153276500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_latency::total   1153276500                       # number of WriteReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::.cpu.data      6320848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_accesses::total      6320848                       # number of WriteReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.009121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_miss_rate::total     0.009121                       # miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data 20003.408263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_miss_latency::total 20003.408263                       # average WriteReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::.cpu.data         4932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_hits::total         4932                       # number of WriteReq MSHR hits
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data        52722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_misses::total        52722                       # number of WriteReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data    879630000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_latency::total    879630000                       # number of WriteReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.008341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.008341                       # mshr miss rate for WriteReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 16684.306362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.WriteReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 16684.306362                       # average WriteReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::.cpu.data         8562                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_hits::total          8562                       # number of SoftPFReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::.cpu.data          154                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_misses::total          154                       # number of SoftPFReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::.cpu.data         8716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_accesses::total         8716                       # number of SoftPFReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.017669                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_miss_rate::total     0.017669                       # miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data          142                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_misses::total          142                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data      7824500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_latency::total      7824500                       # number of SoftPFReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.016292                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.016292                       # mshr miss rate for SoftPFReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data 55102.112676                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.SoftPFReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total 55102.112676                       # average SoftPFReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::.cpu.data          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_hits::total          165                       # number of LoadLockedReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::.cpu.data        85000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_latency::total        85000                       # number of LoadLockedReq miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::.cpu.data          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of LoadLockedReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006024                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_miss_rate::total     0.006024                       # miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::.cpu.data        85000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_miss_latency::total        85000                       # average LoadLockedReq miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::.cpu.data            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_misses::total            1                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR misses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        84000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_latency::total        84000                       # number of LoadLockedReq MSHR miss cycles
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::.cpu.data     0.006024                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_mshr_miss_rate::total     0.006024                       # mshr miss rate for LoadLockedReq accesses
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::.cpu.data        84000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.LoadLockedReq_avg_mshr_miss_latency::total        84000                       # average LoadLockedReq mshr miss latency
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::.cpu.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_hits::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq hits
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::.cpu.data          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.StoreCondReq_accesses::total          166                       # number of StoreCondReq accesses(hits+misses)
system.cpu.dcache.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tagsinuse          1013.586222                       # Cycle average of tags in use
system.cpu.dcache.tags.total_refs            43911900                       # Total number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.sampled_refs             66469                       # Sample count of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.avg_refs            660.637290                       # Average number of references to valid blocks.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.warmup_cycle            174500                       # Cycle when the warmup percentage was hit.
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_blocks::.cpu.data  1013.586222                       # Average occupied blocks per requestor
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::.cpu.data     0.989830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_percent::total     0.989830                       # Average percentage of cache occupancy
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_blocks::1024         1024                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::0            7                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::1          135                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::2          616                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::3          254                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.age_task_id_blocks_1024::4           12                       # Occupied blocks per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.occ_task_id_percent::1024            1                       # Percentage of cache occupancy per task id
system.cpu.dcache.tags.tag_accesses          87900377                       # Number of tag accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.data_accesses         87900377                       # Number of data accesses
system.cpu.dcache.tags.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::ON  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.branchPred.lookups                 6502264                       # Number of BP lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.condPredicted           5093972                       # Number of conditional branches predicted
system.cpu.branchPred.condIncorrect            349137                       # Number of conditional branches incorrect
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBLookups              4084027                       # Number of BTB lookups
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHits                 4076707                       # Number of BTB hits
system.cpu.branchPred.BTBHitPct             99.820765                       # BTB Hit Percentage
system.cpu.branchPred.RASUsed                  312613                       # Number of times the RAS was used to get a target.
system.cpu.branchPred.RASIncorrect                  4                       # Number of incorrect RAS predictions.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectLookups          675687                       # Number of indirect predictor lookups.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectHits             102890                       # Number of indirect target hits.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMisses           572797                       # Number of indirect misses.
system.cpu.branchPred.indirectMispredicted        37439                       # Number of mispredicted indirect branches.
system.cpu.fetch2.intInstructions            48869935                       # Number of integer instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.fpInstructions                    0                       # Number of floating point instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.vecInstructions                   0                       # Number of SIMD instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.loadInstructions           40553291                       # Number of memory load instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.storeInstructions           6265949                       # Number of memory store instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.fetch2.amoInstructions                   0                       # Number of memory atomic instructions successfully decoded
system.cpu.itb.instHits                             0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.instMisses                           0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.readHits                             0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.readMisses                           0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.writeHits                            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.writeMisses                          0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.inserts                              0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.flushTlb                             0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMva                          0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbMvaAsid                      0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushTlbAsid                         0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.flushedEntries                       0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.alignFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.prefetchFaults                       0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.domainFaults                         0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.permsFaults                          0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.readAccesses                         0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.writeAccesses                        0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.instAccesses                         0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.hits                                 0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.misses                               0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.accesses                             0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.walker.walks                         0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instHits            0                       # ITB inst hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instMisses            0                       # ITB inst misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readHits            0                       # DTB read hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readMisses            0                       # DTB read misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeHits            0                       # DTB write hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeMisses            0                       # DTB write misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.inserts            0                       # Number of times an entry is inserted into the TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlb            0                       # Number of times complete TLB was flushed
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMva            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbMvaAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by MVA & ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushTlbAsid            0                       # Number of times TLB was flushed by ASID
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.flushedEntries            0                       # Number of entries that have been flushed from TLB
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.alignFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to alignment restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.prefetchFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to prefetch
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.domainFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to domain restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.permsFaults            0                       # Number of TLB faults due to permissions restrictions
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.readAccesses            0                       # DTB read accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.writeAccesses            0                       # DTB write accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.instAccesses            0                       # ITB inst accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.hits            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) hits
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.misses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) misses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.accesses            0                       # Total TLB (inst and data) accesses
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.walks            0                       # Table walker walks requested
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Requested::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Data            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::Inst            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin_Completed::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.requestOrigin::total            0                       # Table walker requests started/completed, data/inst
system.cpu.itb.stage2_mmu.stage2_tlb.walker.power_state.pwrStateResidencyTicks::UNDEFINED  59380968000                       # Cumulative time (in ticks) in various power states

---------- End Simulation Statistics   ----------
